Rev. 1.5;
------------------
RedTwo tuned the FDM; and then StuartC (FGUK) has tuned redtwo's revisions.

* Fix hstab mirrored on left side. Use vstab instead.

* main and tail rotor increases in diameter (main from 74' to 79', tail from 15'4" to 20')
* longer tail section which includes the hstab position change, and vstab position and height change
* minor modification to the cruise value (max. speed really) from 172 to 170.
* all the above per dimensions

StuartC scaled the exterior model to match the revised FDM.

Voodoo da Vinci has fixed the inside shading (so it's not quite like a coal hole anymore)

Richard Harrison; rjh@zaretto.com; 29 January 2016

--------------------------------

This is a merge of Pierre Duval's excellent model and changes together with Josh Babcock's original model.

All I've done is to merge, add a splash screen, changed the folding so that it doesn't matter if the blades are in the right position they will stil end up folded, although they may pass through parts of the aircraft to do so. I also started on the ALS cockpit effects (panel backlighting and interior shadows)

Richard Harrison; rjh@zaretto.com; 1 October 2015.

Pierre's notes.
------------------
This is just a little bit CH-53E more detailed 3d model I made not to replace the original one built by Josh Babcock, but to make
something more suitable with his incredibely beautiful work: Detailed panels and instruments with an ambient occlusion layer on textures plus a good FDM which just needed some enhancement.

I do not say I've made something perfect. I just wanted to revive this legendary super helicopter for FlightGer

I'm using an older release of FG, I'm not sure this aircraft will work perfectly on the latest version of the simulator.

Please If you want to make a correct Main rotor blades and tailboom folding, follow those instructions:

As there is no automatic rotor positioning system implemented yet,for executing a correct Rotor blades and tailboom folding, please have a quick exterior look to the 7th main rotor blade(initial position) marked with "V" letter: it is exactly pointing out to the tailboom before starting the engines.
      

To execute this procedure without making a "wrong folding" on the left or on the right, and after shuting-down the engines press "n" to slow down the main rotor movement. 
	  

Relax and take it as a game: just try to align correctly the "V" letter with the midddle of the tailboom.
	  

If necessary start the engines again for 2 seconds and shut them down to gain some power til you succeed to make a perfect alignment. Once done, you can press "f" for folding everything...Enjoy.



Credits: All panels,instruments and many system files are from the original CH-53E By Josh Babcock.
 




                                                                                                  Pierre Duval___Mars-2015